# Transport Management Application

This application is made for the transport company to handle it's interior work.The function which are handled by this application are-  

 1.register new employee.  
 2.register new vehicle.  
 3.get details of all vehicles or employee.  
 4.request for new vehicle can be made by employee.  
 5.the admin can view request and approve or deny it based on status.  
 6.employee can see all vehicle which are free or under them.  
 
 **This application is made using Spring for backend, React Js for frontend and Mysql is used for database.**
 
 # Tech Stack- 
   Java, Spring, React Js, Mysql, Maven, Postman.
 # Implementation -
 
 **React**  
  1.React is used to made front end for the user.  
  
  2.It would collect data from the forms and send it to the server in json format.  
  
  3.It would also collect response that comes from the server and display the message on the page based on response.
  
 
 **Spring**  
  1.Made Layers like Controller,Service layer, Dao layer for the application.  
  
  2.The request form React would first come on controller and the controller would pass it to service layer by using request object. From service layer it is passed
    to dao layer  by using the entity object. Finally dao layer would perform action on database. 
    
  3.The response which is generated by dao is sended to service and the service layer send the response to controller using response object.The controller finally 
    send the response to the React.  
  
  
 
 
